Adding LeViT Model by Facebook (#17466)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/index.mdx

1. **[LayoutLMv3](model_doc/layoutlmv3)** (from Microsoft Research Asia) released with the paper [LayoutLMv3: Pre-training for Document AI with Unified Text and Image Masking](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08387) by Yupan Huang, Tengchao Lv, Lei Cui, Yutong Lu, Furu Wei.
1. **[LayoutXLM](model_doc/layoutlmv2)** (from Microsoft Research Asia) released with the paper [LayoutXLM: Multimodal Pre-training for Multilingual Visually-rich Document Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.08836) by Yiheng Xu, Tengchao Lv, Lei Cui, Guoxin Wang, Yijuan Lu, Dinei Florencio, Cha Zhang, Furu Wei.
1. **[LED](model_doc/led)** (from AllenAI) released with the paper [Longformer: The Long-Document Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.05150) by Iz Beltagy, Matthew E. Peters, Arman Cohan.

> 1. **[LeViT](model_doc/levit)** (from Facebook) released with the paper [LeViT: A Vision Transformer in ConvNet's Clothing for Faster Inference](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01136) by Ben Graham, Alaaeldin El-Nouby, Hugo Touvron, Pierre Stock, Armand Joulin, Hervé Jégou, Matthijs Douze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **[LeViT](model_doc/levit)** (from Meta AI) released with the paper [LeViT: A Vision Transformer in ConvNet's Clothing for Faster Inference](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01136) by Ben Graham, Alaaeldin El-Nouby, Hugo Touvron, Pierre Stock, Armand Joulin, Hervé Jégou, Matthijs Douze.
```
